The secure key is now available. I’m adding the script with native Node fetch (no extra dependency), concurrent BTC/gold requests, readable quote formatting, and explicit handling for missing credentials, API errors, and unavailable symbols.


3 actions
The script is in place. I’m running the package typecheck and then the command itself against Finnhub to confirm the secure key, symbols, and output all work together.


4 actions
The code typechecks, and Finnhub accepted the credential for the crypto request, but the gold symbol is returning a resource-level 403 Forbidden. I’m improving the script so it still prints any successful quote and reports the unavailable market clearly instead of hiding the BTC result behind one failed request.


2 actions
The fallback behavior is updated. I’m doing one final typecheck and run now so the command’s actual output is confirmed after the change.


3 actions
The final check confirms the script works for BTC and correctly identifies the gold limitation: Finnhub is denying OANDA:XAU_USD for this account with 403 Forbidden, so the script reports that asset explicitly and exits nonzero rather than presenting a fabricated value. I’m running the workspace-wide typecheck once to make sure the addition doesn’t affect anything else.


Checked for code errors
The workspace-wide checks pass. I’m recording one durable note about Finnhub’s symbol-level access behavior so future changes don’t mistake the gold 403 for a code or credential failure.


2 actions
The implementation and checks are complete. I’m just finishing the project note cleanly so the observed Finnhub permission behavior is preserved for future work.


2 actions
Implemented the Finnhub command-line market quote script.

Run it with:

pnpm --filter @workspace/scripts run market-quotes

It:

Uses the secure FINNHUB_API_KEY secret
Fetches BTC and gold quotes concurrently
Formats price, change, daily range, and previous close
Handles missing keys and API errors explicitly
Prints successful quotes even if another market fails
Verification:

Workspace-wide typecheck passes.
BTC returned successfully.
Finnhub currently returns 403 Forbidden for OANDA:XAU_USD with this account, so gold is reported as unavailable rather than showing an incorrect value.